Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.   Thomas Edison
You can observe a lot just by watching.   Yogi Berra
A house divided against itself cannot stand.   Abraham Lincoln
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Fate is in your hands and no one elses   Byron Pulsifer
Be the chief but never the lord.   Lao Tzu
Nothing happens unless first we dream.   Carl Sandburg
Well begun is half done.   Aristotle
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.   Yogi Berra
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.   Margaret Sangster
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.   Buddha
What you give is what you get.   Byron Pulsifer
We can only learn to love by loving.   Iris Murdoch
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.   Karen Clark
You'll see it when you believe it.   Wayne Dyer
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.  
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.  
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.  
To lead people walk behind them.   Lao Tzu
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.   William Shakespeare
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.   Henry J. Kaiser
A rolling stone gathers no moss.   Publilius Syrus
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.   Napoleon Hill
Everything in life is luck.   Donald Trump
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.   Lao Tzu
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.   Benjamin Spock
Study the past, if you would divine the future.   Confucius
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.  
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.   Sigmund Freud
Well done is better than well said.   Benjamin Franklin
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.   Ella Williams
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.   Buddha
One today is worth two tomorrows.   Benjamin Franklin
Once you choose hope, anythings possible.   Christopher Reeve
God always takes the simplest way.   Albert Einstein
One fails forward toward success.   Charles Kettering
From small beginnings come great things.  
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere   Chinese proverb
Be as you wish to seem.   Socrates
The world is always in movement.   V. Naipaul
Never mistake activity for achievement.   John Wooden
What worries you masters you.   Haddon Robinson
One faces the future with ones past.   Pearl Buck
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.   Brian Tracy
Who sows virtue reaps honour.   Leonardo da Vinci
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.   Dalai Lama
Talk doesn't cook rice.   Chinese proverb
He is able who thinks he is able.   Buddha
A goal without a plan is just a wish.   Larry Elder
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.   Michael Korda
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.   Albert Einstein
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.   James Lowell
Do, or do not. There is no try.   Yoda
All serious daring starts from within.   Harriet Beecher Stowe
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.   Byron Pulsifer
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.   Murray Gell-Mann
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.   John Lennon
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.   Napoleon Hill
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.   Pericles
You give before you get.   Napoleon Hill
Wisdom begins in wonder.   Socrates
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.   Baltasar Gracian
Change in all things is sweet.   Aristotle
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.   Byron Pulsifer
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.   Cullen Hightower
When deeds speak, words are nothing.   African proverb
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.   Wayne Dyer
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.   Albert Einstein
Skill to do comes of doing.   Ralph Emerson
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.   Sophocles
I believe that every person is born with talent.   Maya Angelou
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.   Abraham Lincoln
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.   Richard Evans
The years teach much which the days never know.   Ralph Emerson
Our distrust is very expensive.   Ralph Emerson
All know the way; few actually walk it.   Bodhidharma
Great talent finds happiness in execution.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.   Michelangelo
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.   Winston Churchill
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.   Leo Tolstoy
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.   Lao Tzu
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.   Buddha
A short saying often contains much wisdom.   Sophocles
It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow.  
A beautiful thing is never perfect.  
Only do what your heart tells you.   Princess Diana
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!   John Pierrakos
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.   Eleanor Roosevelt
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.   Richard Bach
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.   Seneca
Victory belongs to the most persevering.   Napoleon Bonaparte
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.   William Shakespeare
In order to win, you must expect to win.   Richard Bach
A goal is a dream with a deadline.   Napoleon Hill
You can do it if you believe you can!   Napoleon Hill
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.   Bo Jackson
Every new day is another chance to change your life.  
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.   Thich Nhat Hanh
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.   Liberace
Do more than dream: work.   William Arthur Ward
No man was ever wise by chance.   Seneca
Some pursue happiness, others create it.  
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.   William Shakespeare
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.   Ellen Gilchrist
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.   Albert Schweitzer
We do what we do because we believe.  
Do one thing every day that scares you.   Eleanor Roosevelt
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.   Byron Pulsifer
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.   Carl Jung
What we think, we become.   Buddha
The shortest answer is doing.   Lord Herbert
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.   Leonardo da Vinci
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.  
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.   Anne Wilson Schaef
Truth is powerful and it prevails.   Sojourner Truth
Light tomorrow with today!   Elizabeth Browning
Silence is a fence around wisdom.   German proverb
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.   Madame de Stael
The simplest things are often the truest.   Richard Bach
Everyone smiles in the same language.  
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.   Bernadette Devlin
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.   Napoleon Hill
If you can dream it, you can do it.   Walt Disney
It is better to travel well than to arrive.   Buddha
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.   Anais Nin
You have to believe in yourself.   Sun Tzu
Our intention creates our reality.   Wayne Dyer
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.   Confucius
Character develops itself in the stream of life.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.   American proverb
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.   Jon Kabat-Zinn
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.   Gustave Flaubert
Speak low, if you speak love.   William Shakespeare
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.   John Lennon
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.   Seneca
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.   Pearl Buck
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.  
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.   Leonardo da Vinci
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.   Confucius
The only real valuable thing is intuition.   Albert Einstein
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.   Ralph Emerson
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.   Sylvia Voirol
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.  
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.   Theophrastus
Whatever happens, take responsibility.   Tony Robbins
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.   Oscar Wilde
I think and that is all that I am.   Wayne Dyer
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.  
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?   Gloria Steinem
Each day provides its own gifts.   Marcus Aurelius
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.   Publilius Syrus
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.   Bernard Shaw
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.   Richard Bach
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.   German proverb
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.   Confucius
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.  
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.   Mary Bethune
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.   Albert Einstein
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.  
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.   Brian Tracy
Everything you can imagine is real.   Pablo Picasso
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.   Usman Asif
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.   Napoleon Bonaparte
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.   Victor Hugo
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.   Epictetus
Change your thoughts, change your life!  
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.   Robert Heller
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.   Marcus Aurelius
Someone is special only if you tell them.   Byron Pulsifer
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.   Thich Nhat Hanh
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.  
A stumble may prevent a fall.  
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.   Lao Tzu
He who is contented is rich.   Lao Tzu
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.   Plutarch
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.   Ralph Waldo Emerson
We must become the change we want to see.   Mahatma Gandhi
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.   Napoleon Hill
Put your future in good hands your own.  
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.   Wit
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.   Voltaire
Fortune favours the brave.   Virgil
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.   Joseph Stalin
The best way out is always through.   Robert Frost
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.   Seneca
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.   Abraham Lincoln
No garden is without its weeds.   Thomas Fuller
There is no failure except in no longer trying.   Elbert Hubbard
Kind words will unlock an iron door.   Turkish proverb
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.   Hugh Miller
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.   A. Powell Davies
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.   Thich Nhat Hanh
Fortune befriends the bold.   John Dryden
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.   Friedrich von Schiller
You're never a loser until you quit trying.   Mike Ditka
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.   Immanuel Kant
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.   Richard Bach
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.   Albert Camus
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.   Toni Morrison
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.   Helen Keller
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.   Paulo Coelho
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.   Pablo Picasso
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.   Jonathan Kozol
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.   Janis Joplin
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.   Sophocles
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   Epictetus
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.   Honore de Balzac
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.   Ovid
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.   Francis Bacon
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.   Tony Robbins
I allow my intuition to lead my path.   Manuel Puig
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.   William R. Inge
If you wish to be a writer, write.   Epictetus
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.   Wayne Dyer
Either you run the day or the day runs you.   Jim Rohn
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.   Publilius Syrus
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.   Oprah Winfrey
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.   Benjamin Franklin
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.   Anatole France
Patience is the companion of wisdom.   Saint Augustine
The mind is everything. What you think you become.   Buddha
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.   Voltaire
To fly, we have to have resistance.   Maya Lin
What you see depends on what you're looking for.  
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.   Blaise Pascal
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.   William Shakespeare
Imagination rules the world.   Napoleon Bonaparte
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.   Blaise Pascal
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.   Michelangelo
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.   Jonas Salk
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.  
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.   Napoleon Hill
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.   Lao Tzu
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.   Peter Drucker
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.   Luisa Sigea
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.   Dr. Seuss
No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.   Jason Fried
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.   Confucius
Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.   Babe Ruth
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.   Carlyle
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.   Leo F. Buscaglia
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox   Lao Tzu
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.   Indira Gandhi
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.   Plato
The cautious seldom err.   Confucius
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.   Frederick Douglass
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.   Willa Cather
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.   John Lennon
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.   Richard Bach
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.   Jean de la Fontaine
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.   Publilius Syrus
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.   Thomas Jefferson
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.   Thomas Dewar
If a man does his best, what else is there?   George Patton
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.   Benjamin Disraeli
Life is a progress, and not a station.   Ralph Emerson
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.   Horace Friess
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.   Elbert Hubbard
All things change; nothing perishes.   Ovid
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.   Haynes Bayly
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.   Lauren Bacall
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.   Frank Herbert
Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.   Elizabeth Browning
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.   Arthur Conan Doyle
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.   J. Willard Marriott
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.   Dalai Lama
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.   Edward Gibbon
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.   Eleanor Roosevelt
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.  
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.  
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.   Mahatma Gandhi
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.   Og Mandino
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.   Lewis B. Smedes
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.   Buddha
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.   Nikos Kazantzakis
Letting go is not the end of the world; it is the beginning of a new life.  
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.   John Eliot
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.   A. A. Milne
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.   Marie Curie
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.   Seneca
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.   Lawrence Peter
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.   Hannah More
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.   John Berry
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.   William Yeats
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.   Epictetus
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.   Seneca
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.  
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.  
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.   Ken S. Keyes
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.   Thomas Edison
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.   Marie Curie
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.   Tony Robbins
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.  
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.   Anne Schaef
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.   Eleanor Roosevelt
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.   Kenneth Patton
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.   Kahlil Gibran
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.  
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.   Flora Whittemore
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.   H. W. Arnold
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.   Buddha
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.  
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.   Wayne Dyer
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.   Eden Phillpotts
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.   Buddha
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.   Mark Twain
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.   Benjamin Disraeli
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.   Oprah Winfrey
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.   Confucius
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.   Winston Churchill
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   Buddha
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.   Lin-yutang
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.   Benjamin Disraeli
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.   Byron Pulsifer
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.  
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.  
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.   Dave Weinbaum
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.   Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.   Maya Angelou
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.   Confucius
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.   Augustinus Sanctus
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.   Henri-Frederic Amiel
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.   Louisa Alcott
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.   Voltaire
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.   Annie Dillard
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.   Man Ray
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.   Sigmund Freud
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.   Wayne Dyer
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.   Napoleon Hill
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.   Henry Ford
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.   St. Augustine
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.   Leo Tolstoy
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.   Richard Bach
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.   Winston Churchill
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.   John De Paola
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.   Buddha
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.   Lily Tomlin
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.   John Lennon
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.   Martin Fischer
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.   Albert Einstein
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.   Albert Schweitzer
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.   Thomas Edison
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.   Albert Einstein
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.   Lao Tzu
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.   Ralph Emerson
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.   Napoleon Hill
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.   John Adams
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.   Henry David Thoreau
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.   Chinese proverb
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.   Helen Keller
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.   Albert Schweitzer
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.   Calvin Coolidge
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.   Abraham Lincoln
Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you.  
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.   General Douglas MacArthur
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.   Julius Charles Hare
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.   Buckminster Fuller
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.   Dalai Lama
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.   Walter Lippmann
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.   Confucius
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.   Bruce Lee
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.   Buddha
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be   Abraham Lincoln
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.   Buddha
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.   Dalai Lama
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.   Jim Beggs
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.   Donald Kircher
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.   Buddha
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.   Eckhart Tolle
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.   H. Jackson Browne
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.   Marquis Vauvenargues
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.   Charlotte Bronte
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.   Wayne Dyer
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.   Napoleon Hill
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.   Buddha
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.   Robert Stevenson
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.   Andy Warhol
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.   Benjamin Disraeli
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.   Pema Chodron
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.   Horace
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.   Morris West
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.   Franklin Roosevelt
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.   Edwin Chapin
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.   Les Brown
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.   Confucius
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.  
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.   Abraham Lincoln
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.   Lao Tzu
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go.  
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.   Havelock Ellis
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.   John Ruskin
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.   Confucius
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.   Ralph Emerson
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.   Thomas Hardy
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.   Wayne Dyer
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.   Napoleon Hill
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.   Oprah Winfrey
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.   Byron Pulsifer
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.   Leonardo Ruiz
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.   Leon Blum
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.   Ralph Emerson
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.   Bernard Shaw
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.   Lao Tzu
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.   Charles Dickens
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.   Dalai Lama
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.   Sam Keen
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.   Walt Emerson
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.   John Astin
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.   Elbert Hubbard
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.   Henry Moore
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.   Confucius
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?  
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.   Laozi
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.   William Shakespeare
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.   George Sheehan
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.   Thomas Jefferson
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.   Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.   Marcel Proust
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.   Epictetus
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.   Louise Hay
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.   W. Clement Stone
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.   Robert McKain
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.   John Quincy Adams
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.   Thomas Jefferson
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.   Ralph Emerson
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.   William Saroyan
Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.   Byron Pulsifer
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.   Leonardo da Vinci
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.   Isaac Asimov
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.   Henry Van Dyke
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.   Yogi Berra
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.   Naguib Mahfouz
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more   Anthony Robbins
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.   John Wooden
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.   Og Mandino
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.   Jane Addams
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.   Thomas Carlyle
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.   M. Scott Peck
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.   Maureen Dowd
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.   Charles Darwin
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.  
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.   Dalai Lama
There is only one success to be able to spend your life in your own way.   Christopher Morley
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.   Hannah Arendt
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.   Alan Cohen
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.   Aldous Huxley
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.   Marian Edelman
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.   Byron Pulsifer
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.   Sue Patton Thoele
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.   Frank Crane
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   Lao Tzu
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.   Kathleen Norris
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   Confucius
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.   Eckhart Tolle
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.   Anne Bronte
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.   Richard Bach
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.   Desiderius Erasmus
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.   Arthur Rubinstein
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity   Louis Pasteur
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.   Rumi
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.   Sogyal Rinpoche
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.   Dennis Kimbro
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.   William Penn
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.   Immanuel Kant
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.   Buddha
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.  
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.   Byron Pulsifer
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.   Robert Lynd
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.   Ralph Emerson
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.   Donald Trump
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.   Eleanor Roosevelt
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.   Robert Fulghum
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.   Bruce Lee
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.   Arthur Schopenhauer
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.   Andre Gide
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.   Sai Baba
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?   Dalai Lama
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.   Tom Lehrer
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.   Bruce Lee
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.   Alfred Sheinwold
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.   Sri Chinmoy
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.   James Freeman Clarke
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.   Anais Nin
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.   Marcus Aurelius
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.   Wayne Dyer
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.   Buddha
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.   Sydney Smith
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.   Confucius
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.   Mary Kay Ash
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.   Lloyd Jones
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.   Vista Kelly
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.   Ben Stein
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.  
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.   Aldous Huxley
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others.  
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.   Oscar Wilde
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.  
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.   Honore de Balzac
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.   Jacob Braude
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.   Vince Lombardi
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.   Oliver Holmes
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.   Dalai Lama
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.   Nelson Mandela
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.   Robert Anthony
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.   Aristotle
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.   Washington Irving
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.   Anne Frank
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.   Byron Pulsifer
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You do not need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.   Thich Nhat Hanh
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.   Buddha
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.   Jessamyn West
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.   Plato
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.   Bruce Lee
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!   Charlotte Gilman
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.   Mother Teresa
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.   Margaret Runbeck
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.   Dalai Lama
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.   Ovid
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.   Og Mandino
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.   James Barrie
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.  
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.   Buddha
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.   Bruce Lee
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.   Everett Dirksen
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.   Byron Pulsifer
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.   Henry Miller
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.   Lao Tzu
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.   Niels Bohr
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.   Georg Lichtenberg
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.   Anais Nin
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.   Gloria Steinem
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.   Byron Pulsifer
Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far.   Charles Schwab
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.   Epictetus
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.   Barbara Baron
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.   Richard Bach
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.   Lou Holtz
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   Napoleon Hill
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   Napoleon Hill
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.   Robert Stevenson
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.   Charles DeLint
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.   Bruce Lee
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.   Albert Einstein
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.  
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.   Paavo Nurmi
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.   Anne Frank
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.  
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.   Ralph Emerson
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.   Tryon Edwards
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.   Abraham Lincoln
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.   E. M. Forster
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.   David Seamans
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?   Confucius
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.   Byron Pulsifer
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.   Lucille Ball
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.   Eckhart Tolle
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.   Ralph Emerson
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.   Laurence J. Peter
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.   Elizabeth Arden
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.   Dalai Lama
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.   Confucius
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.   Nikola Tesla
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.   Leo Aikman
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.   Pablo Picasso
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.   Vernon Cooper
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.   Benjamin Disraeli
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.   Dalai Lama
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.   Carl Jung
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.   Buddha
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.   Marcus Aurelius
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.  
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.   Thich Nhat Hanh
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.   Jack Dixon
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.   G. K. Chesterton
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.   Denis Waitley
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.   Lao-Tzu
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.   Byron Pulsifer
To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.   Johannes Gaertner
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.   Doug Larson
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.   Charles Lamb
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.   John Muir
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   Winston Churchill
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.   Helen Keller
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.   Buddha
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.   Thomas Edison
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.   William Ward
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.   Michael Jordan
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.   Oliver Holmes
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.   Confucius
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   Epictetus
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.   Pablo Picasso
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.   Barack Obama
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.   Ivy Baker Priest
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.  
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.   Danielle Ingrum
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.   Old German proverb
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.   Ralph Blum
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.   Bruce Lee
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.   Thich Nhat Hanh
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.   Walter Cronkite
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.   Socrates
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.   Seneca
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.   Chalmers
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.   Thich Nhat Hanh
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.   Ralph Emerson
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.   Ralph Emerson
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.   Robert Louis Stevenson
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.   Napoleon Hill
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.  
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.   Henry Thoreau
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.   Benjamin Disraeli
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.   Brian Tracy
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.   Joan Didion
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.   Mabel Newcomber
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.  
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.   Robert Graves
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.   Frank Wright
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.   Francois de La Rochefoucauld
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.   Epictetus
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.   Margaret Cousins
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.  
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.   Thomas Carlyle
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.   Pearl Buck
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.   Catherine Pulsifer
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.   Alfred Tennyson
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.   Margaret Mead
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.   Ovid
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.   Remez Sasson
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   Richard Bach
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.   Lao Tzu
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.   Pema Chodron
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.   Richard Bach
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.   David Jordan
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!   Richard Bach
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.   Alan Watts
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.   Oscar Wilde
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.   Anatole France
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.   Thomas Edison
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.   John Steinbeck
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.  
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.   Eleanor Roosevelt
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.   Denis Waitley
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.   Epictetus
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.   Eknath Easwaran
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.   Helen Keller
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.   Marcus Aurelius
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.   Norman Schwarzkopf
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.   Julie Morgenstern
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.   Blaise Pascal
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.   Laura Teresa Marquez
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.   Chinese proverb
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.   Abraham Lincoln
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly, but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.   Byron Pulsifer
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?   Richard Bach
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.   Harry Kemp
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.   Benjamin Disraeli
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.   Buddha
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.  
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.   Helen Keller
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.   John Kennedy
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.   Marcus Aurelius
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.   Louis Pasteur
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.   Buddha
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.   Henry Longfellow
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.   Wayne Dyer
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.   Daisaku Ikeda
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.   Epictetus
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   Rumi
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.   Napoleon Bonaparte
With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.   Dalai Lama
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.   Franklin Roosevelt
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.   Pearl Buck
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.   Mary Kay Ash
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.   Albert Einstein
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.   Lao Tzu
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.   Sophocles
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.   Rene Descartes
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.   Byron Pulsifer
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.   Amelia Earhart
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.   Jimmy Dean
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.   George Allen
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.   Joseph Roux
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.   Bernice Reagon
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.   Socrates
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.   Henri Bergson
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.   Albert Einstein
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.   Byron Pulsifer
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.   Buddha
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.   Daisaku Ikeda
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.   Richard Bach
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.   David Brinkley
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.   Buddha
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.   Henri-Frederic Amiel
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.   William Shakespeare
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.   Napoleon Hill
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.   Tony Robbins
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.  
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.   Pierre Auguste Renoir
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!   Bob Newhart
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.   Rita Mae Brown
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.   Lululemon
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.   Lao Tzu
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.   Kin Hubbard
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.   Mary Morrissey
Happiness depends upon ourselves.   Aristotle
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.   Albert Schweitzer
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.   Maya Angelou
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.   Leo Buscaglia
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.   Lao Tzu
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.   Dalai Lama
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.   Peter Elbow
No one has ever become poor by giving.   Anne Frank
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.   Mother Teresa
All is flux; nothing stays still.   Heraclitus
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.   Leonardo da Vinci
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.   Marcus Aurelius
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.   Sophocles
When the solution is simple, God is answering.   Albert Einstein
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.   Napoleon Hill
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.   Publilius Syrus
You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.   Byron Pulsifer
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.   Rudolf Arnheim
Error is discipline through which we advance.   Channing
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.   Pearl Buck
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.   Confucius
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.   Voltaire
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.   Cervantes
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.  
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.   Aristotle
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.   Marcus Aurelius
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.   Samuel Johnson
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.   Confucius
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.   Napoleon Hill
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.   Benjamin Franklin
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.   William Shakespeare
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.   Confucius
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.  
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.   Tehyi Hsieh
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.  
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.   Napoleon Hill
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.   Chinese proverb
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.   Japanese proverb
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.   Cicero
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.   George Patton
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.   Anatole France
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.  
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.  
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.   Epictetus
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.   Oprah Winfrey
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.   Charles Swindoll
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.   Cynthia Ozick
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.   Dalai Lama
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.   Winston Churchill
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.   Wayne Dyer
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.   Leonardo da Vinci
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.   Denis Waitley
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.   Jim Rohn
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.   Lena Horne
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.   Tom Peters
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.   Henri Bergson
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.   Lee Mildon
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.   Shakti Gawain
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.   Walter Anderson
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.   Andre Gide
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.   Carl Jung
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?   Sun Tzu
Ignorance never settle a question.   Benjamin Disraeli
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.   Paul Cezanne
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.   Confucius
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.   Tom Krause
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.   Frank Tyger
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.   Dorothy Thompson
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.   Shunryu Suzuki
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.   Tomas Eliot
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.   Donald Trump
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.   John Dewey
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.   Richard Braunstein
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.   George Orwell
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.   Buddha
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.   John Petit-Senn
It is never too late to be what you might have been.   George Eliot
The beginning is always today.   Mary Wollstonecraft
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.   Sheldon Kopp
Self-trust is the first secret of success.   Ralph Emerson
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.   Satchel Paige
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.   Marcus Aurelius
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.   George Bernard Shaw
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.   Epictetus
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.   Blaise Pascal
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.   Mark Twain
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.  
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.   Byron Pulsifer
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.   Billy Wilder
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.   Blaise Pascal
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.   Pablo Picasso
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.   Niccolo Machiavelli
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.  
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.   Henry Ward Beecher
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.   James Faust
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.   Denis Waitley
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.   Hasidic saying
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.   Joseph Campbell
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.   Peter Drucker
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.   Bernice Reagon
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.   Fannie Hamer
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.   Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.   Byron Roberts
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.   Thich Nhat Hanh
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.   Carl Jung
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.   Babatunde Olatunji
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.   Tony Robbins
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.   Tony Blair
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.   Mother Teresa
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.  
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.   Aristotle
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.   Ray Bradbury
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.   Albert Camus
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.   Madame de Stael
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.   Elbert Hubbard
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.   Herbert Swope
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.  
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.   Laozi
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.   Abraham Lincoln
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.   Epictetus
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.   Byron Pulsifer
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.   Ed Cunningham
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.   Pema Chodron
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.   Eleanor Roosevelt
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.   Ralph Waldo Emerson
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.   Angela Schwindt
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.   Wayne Dyer
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.   Orison Marden
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.   Sam Levenson
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.   Dalai Lama
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.   Doris Mortman
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.   Buddha
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.   Henry Miller
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.   Mohandas Gandhi
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength   Dalai Lama
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.  
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.   Byron Pulsifer
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.   Mortimer Adler
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.   Buddha
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.   Mary Kay Ash
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.   Walter Linn
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.   Tenzin Gyatso
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.   Edmund Burke
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.   Albert Schweitzer
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.   Rene Descartes
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.   Albert Einstein
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.   William Channing
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.   Byron Pulsifer
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.   Alphonse Karr
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.   W. H. Auden
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.   Lou Holtz
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.   Thomas Carlyle
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.   Buddha
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.   Michel de Montaigne
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.   Margaret Laurence
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.   Napoleon Bonaparte
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.   Ajahn Chah
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.   Dalai Lama
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.   Vincent Lombardi
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.   Jean-Paul Sartre
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.   Richard Bach
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.   Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.   Byron Pulsifer
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.   Kahlil Gibran
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.   Bernard Shaw
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.   Albert Einstein
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.   Confucius
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.   Anne Lindbergh
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.   Dale Carnegie
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.   John Lennon
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.   Nathaniel Hawthorne
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.   Buddha
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.   Buddha